README.md, before:

A TrueVault Web Based Explorer
==========

Manage your TrueVault.com objects (vaults, schemas and documents) using this web/JavaScript tool.

[TrueVault](https://www.truevault.com/) is a secure "backend-as-a-service" content storage solution for HIPAA compliance.  

**The library requires truevault-javascript-client-library to function.**

## Setup

Make sure you have the [truevault-javascript-client-library](https://github.com/MichaelApproved/truevault-javascript-client-library/) truevault.js file in js/truevault-javascript-client-library/

It is listed in this project as a submodule and is needed for the Explorer project to work.

## Usage

Open the index.html file in a modern web browser (Firefox, Chrome) and put in your TrueVault credentials. You'll be able to start managing your TrueVault objects right from the browser.

## Helpful Resources

This project uses the following technology to make this project possible

- [Ace editor](http://ace.c9.io/)
- [bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
- [jQuery](http://jquery.com)
- [jQuery Cookie](https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie)
- [LESS](http://lesscss.org/)

## Plain-English Disclaimer

Remember, the data you're working with is likely PHI/PII information that must be secure. 

HIPAA compliance is very complicated. The authors and contrbutors of this client library cannot guarantee that by using it, you will be compliant. Please consult experts to make sure you are doing this right!

## License

This code is distributed under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

```no-highlight
Copyright (c) 2014 [Michael Khalili](MichaelApproved.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

Added clone command with the --recursive attribute to the setup instructions

README.md, after:

A TrueVault Web Based Explorer
==========

Manage your TrueVault.com objects (vaults, schemas and documents) using this web/JavaScript tool.

[TrueVault](https://www.truevault.com/) is a secure "backend-as-a-service" content storage solution for HIPAA compliance.  

**The library requires truevault-javascript-client-library to function.**

## Setup

Make sure you have the [truevault-javascript-client-library](https://github.com/MichaelApproved/truevault-javascript-client-library/) truevault.js file in js/truevault-javascript-client-library/

It is listed in this project as a submodule and is needed for the Explorer project to work.

From bash, you can use `--recursive` to include the submodule in your clone, like so:

```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/MichaelApproved/truevault-javascript-explorer.git
```

## Usage

Open the index.html file in a modern web browser (Firefox, Chrome) and put in your TrueVault credentials. You'll be able to start managing your TrueVault objects right from the browser.

## Helpful Resources

This project uses the following technology to make this project possible

- [Ace editor](http://ace.c9.io/)
- [bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
- [jQuery](http://jquery.com)
- [jQuery Cookie](https://github.com/carhartl/jquery-cookie)
- [LESS](http://lesscss.org/)

## Plain-English Disclaimer

Remember, the data you're working with is likely PHI/PII information that must be secure. 

HIPAA compliance is very complicated. The authors and contrbutors of this client library cannot guarantee that by using it, you will be compliant. Please consult experts to make sure you are doing this right!

## License

This code is distributed under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

```no-highlight
Copyright (c) 2014 [Michael Khalili](MichaelApproved.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```
